22 okt:

is het de bedoeling dat je al kunt
zien wat je nog allemaal moet doen?

seems like everytihng is in a pretty good state now.



21 okt:

sidenote:
struct Reference<T>
T comp --> can this be T or needs to be monobehaviour ??
findmy
findscene
findinfamily

todo: solve duizend problems wtih code,
mainly that the everything is a littel fucked
you need to lsiten to scanResponder events not scanner
because we want to abstract that away. call it interaction ipv gameplay i think.

test criteria:
does notepad work?
does blame work
does cancel work?
does forced blame after time run out work?
does interact with dialgoue work
etc etc

test literally everything and try to break it by spamming and shit
really try to find those bugs yo.

VV i also wanna fix the ugly and come color lerp code and make something better for that.







7 okt:

Maak questions scriptable object zorg dat dat goed werkt
nice colors and tools and string replacement and such.
hope it doesnt brake all the shit.

je moet ook de blame prompt kleuren fixen en al die logic and stuff.

sidenote: it might be good to make the customizing of 
prompt questions a little more modular and it migjht also
be good to have ui mask on the shit.

5 okt:

central theme: poppenhuis die tot leven ( pun ) komt.


stuff that i can do:
 1. add some of the characters in 
 2. try full video branch ??
 3. make cool intro video ( or outro idk )
 4. add mcirphone icon for smoke and mirrors./

1 okt:

make better intro video yoooo

todo next:
 V make the endscreen a little more modular ?
 V make a behavoiur on the endscreen that allows for easy reset with just R, this behaviour cant be in default because like memes/
 V present no-text video only idea to the crew
 V check the exit and enter state if those make sense or work without if statements ??
 
 4. more UI improvements ?? what does this mean ?
 V make devlog video again
 8. pivot to video only meme
 9. --> see if you can have C# speech recognition meme in unity??? --> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29vyEOgsW8s
 10. check indviudel opdrachten.

 V make the shit work with ints
 V ask team abt 6 makey makey inputs
 V read ab test ideas.


===


29 sep:
next thing to do: make the state system work so you can reset
without having to reset the scene is cool work.

otherwise make sure that all += places with events has an -= on destroy or when enter is += exit is -= ETC
otherwise you need to link the whole scene together and apply prefabs
and then run and see if it works and debug all the stuff --> make sure EVERYTHING works ideally.
and then build again and then maybe film video and then start on pure video projector concept

===


28 sep:
 V note this project currently has a little bit of techncial debt.


===

todos:

V maak script import systeem
V make textwrtier SOLID
V maak scene beter visual wise
V test of het allemaal werkt
V etc etc

ik hoop echt dat dit vak genoeg dev uren heeft anders ga ik lowkey
portrets maken chat.

nu snap ik de vibe: als we zo hard hebben gewerkt
om alle sound en stuff assets to bouwen dan waaarom
zou je maar een aantal interactions kunnen hebben?
zou dat misschien te stressful zijn?

